[widgets] New API based on shared objects (#43243)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/widgets.mdx

### Widgets

#### Prerequisite: Creating widget

> First, create a Widget using `createWidget` function and pass the widget component marked with the `'widget'` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by creating a Widget using the `createWidget` function and pass the widget component marked with the `'widget'` directive.
```

Since this is the only step mentioned in this section, i think we should rephrase it a bit.

  );
};

export default createWidget('MyWidget', MyWidget);
```

The widget name (`'MyWidget'`) must match the `name` field in your widget configuration in the [app config](/workflow/configuration/).

#### Basic widget

> The simplest way to update a widget is to use the `updateSnapshot` method. This creates a widget timeline with a single entry that displays immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An effective way to update a widget is to use the `updateSnapshot` method. This creates a widget timeline with a single entry that displays immediately.
```

Words like simple are often subjective and depend on a developer's background, who is reading the docs. I think we can rephrase it gracefully as above.
